docs: :building_construction: pseudocode for the classes (#48)
seedcase-project/seedcase-flower: docs/design/interface/pseudocode.qmd

            sections=[
                Section(
                    output_path=Path("docs/"),
                    contents=["package"]
                )
            ]
        )

        # A custom config with multiple sections and content types
        config = Config(
            style="custom",
            template_dir=Path("templates"),
            sections=[
                Section(
                    output_path=Path("docs/package.qmd"),
                    contents=["package", "license", "contributors"]
                ),
                # Section that outputs each resource as a file in the `resources/` folder
                Section(
                    output_path=Path("docs/resources/"),
                    contents=["resources"]
                )
            ]
        ```
    """
    style: Literal["quarto-book", "custom"] = "quarto-book"
    template_dir: Optional[Path] = None
    sections: Optional[list[Section]] = None
````

### `Section`

```` python
from dataclasses import dataclass
from typing import Literal, Optional
from pathlib import Path

@dataclass(frozen=True)
class Section:
    """A section of the documentation with specific `datapackage.json` properties.

> 

Author: ```suggestion

    TODO: add link below.
    
```

    See the [guide](LINK) on how to set up custom styles and sections.

    Attributes:
        output_path (Optional[Path]): The output path for this section. If `None`, it will print
            to the screen as a formatted string that follows the `"default-terminal"` style.
            If a directory is provided, files will be created for each content type that have
            a `name` property (e.g. `resources` or `resource-schema-fields`) For example,
            if `output_path` is `Path("docs/")` and `contents` is `["resources"]`, then each resource
            will be output to `docs/{resource_name}.md` (or whichever output format is used in the
            Jinja2 template files). If a file path is provided, all content types will be

>             output to that single file.

Reviewer: What's the purpose of allowing printing to screen if the path is `None`? I understand that we want something like that for `view` but what if someone sets the output path to `None` for `build`? Or even more confusing, sets it to `None` for one section but to a path for another section. Those sound like scenarios we don't want to support?

Author: I'm thinking so that we can use this class structure to build built-in styles for `view()`. But in the config file, we don't allow empty path.

Reviewer 2: Just thinking, if we are in the `view` flow can we not just ignore `output_path` instead of reading it and expecting it to be `None`?

---
title: "Pseudocode"
---

This document contains a description of the different public functions,
classes, and CLI commands, as well as their signatures, docstrings, and
some pseudocode as a potential implementation. It primarily serves as a
reference for us to develop from and track what has been finished and
what remains to be done.

## Classes

### `Config`

This class contains all the configuration settings for styling the
documentation. It represents a one-to-one mapping to the settings
provided in the `.fl.toml` or `pyproject.toml` file.

```` python
from dataclasses import dataclass
from typing import Literal, Optional

# TODO: Might have to use pydantic instead to run basic checks when creating the class...?
@dataclass(frozen=True)
class Config:

>     """Configuration settings for styling the documentation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    """Configuration settings for styling the metadata.
```

            attribute.
        sections (Optional[list[Section]]): List of `Section` classes that dictate one or more sections
            to create for the documentation output, including location and content types.

    Examples:
        ``` python
        # A config using the built-in `quarto-book` style
        config = Config(
            style="quarto-book"
        )

        # A custom config with only `package` contents in one section
        config = Config(
            style="custom",
            template_dir=Path("templates"),
            sections=[
                Section(
                    output_path=Path("docs/"),
                    contents=["package"]
                )
            ]
        )

        # A custom config with multiple sections and content types
        config = Config(
            style="custom",
            template_dir=Path("templates"),
            sections=[
                Section(
                    output_path=Path("docs/package.qmd"),
                    contents=["package", "license", "contributors"]
                ),
                # Section that outputs each resource as a file in the `resources/` folder
                Section(

>                     output_path=Path("docs/resources/"),

Reviewer 3: So output_path can be either to a file or dir? If dir how do we determine the file name?

                    contents=["resources"]
                )
            ]
        ```
    """
    style: Literal["quarto-book", "custom"] = "quarto-book"
    template_dir: Optional[Path] = None
    sections: Optional[list[Section]] = None
````

### `Section`

```` python
from dataclasses import dataclass
from typing import Literal, Optional
from pathlib import Path

@dataclass(frozen=True)
class Section:
    """A section of the documentation with specific `datapackage.json` properties.

    TODO: add link below.

    See the [guide](LINK) on how to set up custom styles and sections.

    Attributes:
        output_path (Optional[Path]): The output path for this section. Can be `None`, for

>             example, when a style outputs to the screen such as when using `view()`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        output_path (Optional[Path]): The output path for this section. Can be `None`
        when a style outputs to the terminal such as when using `view()`.
```

            If a directory is provided, files will be created for each content type that has
            a `name` property (e.g. `resources` or `resource-schema-fields`) For example,
            if `output_path` is `Path("docs/")` and `contents` is `["resources"]`, then each resource
            will be output to `docs/{resource_name}.md` (or whichever output format is used in the

>             Jinja2 template files). If a file path is provided, all content types will be

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
            Jinja2 template files). If a file path is provided, all contents within the `Section` will be
```
